npx create-react-app social-family-update --use-npm
https://revents-2c2ee.firebaseapp.com/
https://semantic-ui.com/
https://react.semantic-ui.com/


Stateless Functional Components
- Simple (dumb) components
- Do not have state *without react hooks
- Do not have access to React Lifecycle methods
- Offer no performance improvements over class components
- Designed to simplify code

Using Cloud Functions
- Install Firbase CLI
- Login to Firebase via Command Line Interface
- Initialize App

firebase Init
? Which Firebase CLI features do you want to set up for this folder? 
Functions: Configure and deploy Cloud Functions, Hosting: Configure and deploy Firebase Hosting sites
? Please select an option: Use an existing project
? What do you want to use as your public directory? build
? Configure as a single-page app (rewrite all urls to /index.html)? Yes







PRD.V0444.S0338.F0020 - Plexaderm.com:Control - ADA Updates - 3offers/2upsells
PRD.V0442.S0338.F0022 - Plexaderm.com:BTest - ADA Updates - 3offers/3upsells





Hello community, 

I thank you in advance for reading this. I hope that you might contribute in a meaningful way and provide an answer to one of my questions below.

I joined several pro Trump communities in hopes of better understanding the appeal of the Trump Presidency. As an American voter I feel I need to be informed on other peoples perspectives, especially if I disagree with them. I would like to see a bright future for our country and for our children. Unfortunately, I find the events of the last few years to be very concerning. The majority of the information shared in these pro Trump communities is propaganda/misleading/oppinionated/false information designed to divide us.    

Before I continue, I want you to know...
- I consider myself a progressive independent who leans left. 
- I can relate to some Conservative talking points and while I may disagree on some things, I get where these people are coming from... sometimes.
- I believe that in order for America to be great the people must be United. 
- The kinds of progress I would personally like to see for the country/planet:
  1 - Worldwide data privacy laws: It is a scary concept that anyone with knowledge of Javascript and data models can steal our data so easily. On top of that I could potentially go into your friends accounts and take their data too. Make no mistake, no social media platform is safe from this. Before you go calling anyone a 'sheep', understand that until there are data privacy laws worldwide... we are all sheep. 
  2 - America is capable of being PERMANANTLY self sufficient in terms of energy. Conservatives have been sold this story that a shift from fossil fuels to reuseable energy would tank the economy. That is not the case, in fact this shift would be like the next industrial revolution. There would be massive growth and an array of new job opportunities that would require the same skills needed in fossil fuel industry. Hydraulics, engineering, General labor to name a few.. This shift would ensure a bright future for the our children with many new opportunities. Other countries are already making this transition, we are falling behind. No more wars for oil! 
  3 - America is capable of providing affordable healthcare to all CITIZENS without embracing full on socialism. Providing affordable healthcare to ALL would certainly be a challenge because of our population, but even that is doable. The word 'Socialism' has become a scare word but not one of the Democratic nominees supported the idea of socialism and everything that a socialist government entails. Adopting one idea from socialism is not going to kill capitalism.
  4 - Find a way to address gun violence without killing the 2nd amendment. I know this is a bit more on the radical side but it is just my opinion that a torture penalty be in place for individuals that commits mass murder. This penalty would be reserved for the truly heinous crimes, the caught red handed crimes. The individual would need to be found guilty beyond the shadow of a doubt. Put something like this in place and we will see a significant decrease in violence. Laws/restrictions regarding extended magazines would be nice too.

I think that older citizens just want things to go back to the way they were when Reagan was in office. I do not blame them but the information age changed everything and there is no going back, we need to adapt. 

My question to all of you is this.. Are we voting for Trump because of his policies, if so, which policies appeal to you?... or are we voting red out of pure hatred for the Democratic party? What would be your biggest gripe about the Democratic party?

Also if one of the Democratic nominees had pushed for Medicare for all CITIZENS, would you had been more willing to hearing what else they had to say?

There is certainly room to criticize what Democrats are directly responsible for in previous years but you all should consider that your perception of the Democratic party has been skewed. People should be aware of a company called 'Cambridge Analytica'. Take some time to understand the role this company played in Brexit and the 2016 American election. Who hired them? Well Steve Bannon is one of the founders.. That large sum of money billed to Trump Campaign for "Undisclosed Consulting Fees" should be a red flag.
Cambridge Analytica's business model: Create a pshycological profile on every voter using data collected from social media platforms (No platform is safe) Once they had this information they were able to use algorithms to feed us often misleading or false information so that we would percieve the world as they wanted us to see it. This is still happening today so I wonder who is behind it. And I do not even think the people who created this software anticipated what would happen. It was designed to identify what triggers people. What triggers people more than the concept of pedophilia, its fucking disgusting. We see this happening with Qanon community. I do not doubt that there are awful, horrible things in this world but no, our government is not the Yakuza.

I think it is going to be a long time before America recovers from the misleading information that has been fed to us. People do not like to admit when they have been decieved or duped. 

I believe that what makes a good president/leader is the ability to unite both sides under common goals. America will not be great until we are UNITED.

I am not here to argue with anyone, just to get feedback and collect your data ;) Dont worry, I am not using it for anything malicious, just my own curiousity on what makes people tick.  










